[Music]
Okay but what's going on here sending
something like my life is over
crying for all the things that came out for eight days there's
hunger try it as a joke there's no coki
shimano let's
see see look at it
big and beautiful like yours
I pray and I want you to keep in mind the
positive influence you have on many
people like me so cheer up because
this is a new day thank you thank you
very much thank you
here to Juan thank you
very much
this one cries because she starts to cry
nothing because
really because of what I was going through
I am I am very sensitive and I should
not be here for not having opened but
well I had to talk but thank you so much
Juan you are really a very good friend
thank you so much
and I love you very much I am sorry with all my
heart that you have to live through situations
like this and I speak as a community in
general you know that I am here to
support you always I send you a lot of love and I
hope that the rest can leave this
as just a bad time and not keep going around in circles
what
in these chats and I of these people
many times what I see and especially the
video is that they go very hard but many
needs with everything that has happened
in and there the  church of may cry otherwise there were
a lot of people putting
literal [ __ ] making things worse that it is
true that I tell you one thing that they have
sent me and that is that I had I don't know if it is because he is
too sensitive or
and they are disrespectful but I think that he
really likes to play the victim in a way so that
people do not act like that anymore you are the
best we love you I do not know my impression in
my impression and the truth is that the other
day they were putting a lot of [ __ ]
on the subject of the church is
literally
building a church okay you
build the church too it is
[ __ ] great it is very well done the
church I have nailed the one in the
photos and nobody is criticizing you on the
contrary they come to these people come in and
say [ __ ] well I don't like the church
once but not that I don't like that
title I have already done wrong but I don't
like it transcribing we
sincerely like it I do not like it we want to win it
is a competition we want to win you know well I do
not like the truth I would
change it to the area in another way I do not know
what the [ __ ] and even d auro you are not
crossed put here a [ __ ] [ __ ]
anyway no no they were not aggressive with
the girl nor  he was
disrespectful or anything, listen, the truth is we don't
like it but not what you've done that you did
wrong he did what he
set out to do
but javi also take into account that he didn't
go from having a thousand to having thirty thousand
yes yes yes it's like
arcadia I think it was also did something
similar that they sent it to me and I don't know if I'll
get to that video regarding the subject
because the last subject would have been to have
included it in the video the other day
but in arcadia like there was a gift
that vegetta had to give or they wanted to give a
gift to vegeta and she
also got sensitive and there it hit me just like
this time because the gift
sullivan is for old age and not for her what
she had done I don't know that she deserved
a girlfriend like that they would have like that literally but
well more or less I would have to put
all the clips well but it's not the same
and it's like we're playing games that
are the most creative of [ __ ] minecraft and
on top of that we are that it is the micra is that on top of that it is
called tortilla I mean he is playing he
is playing a game that has a
potato omelet  in the logo dude you're going to
start crying because other
colleagues who are involved in the series come
and you're going to start whining so that
people see them more we see them in a bad
light because they have said that they don't like
the result of how the
little house that you made turned out man please
man please
and the guy was getting [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] and running click from the
room of course every time [ __ ] is thrown
at Sara it
happens to her like it does to me okay
there's a group of people who take advantage of the
weak moment that they are
giving her they are giving her if she's on the
ground we're going to take advantage of Soto to
put some foot in her and that she's on the
ground understand me so that I don't give a damn
completely I take out content and I
laugh at them and by chance something happens to her that
also happens to her a lot of water okay of salt I
understand her badly because she has been
exposed to playing for less time I understand it
less because she would have been
exposed for a long time and knows what there is okay and it's that she
takes
criticism and advising people too seriously and she
has to sweat you
where you are she is placed in a
place that is not that she is  put there for
you to do four stupid things earn money
and play the game but they are not put there
for people to give their opinion of you for good
or bad and since in this world there are
good people and miserable people, then on
some occasions there will be people who write
things that you do not deserve and that's it, you
have to sweat it does not change your life
absolutely the direct only said to
her a video to see if she does not
notice it does
not change your life absolutely anything she has
a great life she has a
great partner that she adores the incret adores
you you have a [ __ ] great life you have
everything you have everything that can be
bought the truth is you can buy
what the [ __ ] do you care what pepito tells you
ere 8h of 777 and that he is
enjoying it that changes your life in
nothing in absolutely nothing I will
not see if you tear well but with
time he realizes
- on social networks that everything is
misinterpreted
if it were to
happen to him whatever happened to him which is the task
of all these days and I come the
main thing I come from
changes that they tell me super strong things
every day
the other day yesterday a guy who is  the most
harasser on twitter that can show your
face who is being sued by
several people a guy who has been
xenophobic homophobic racist
came to accuse me of crimes that I have not
been reported for those crimes nor am I
going to be reported nor do I give a
damn I will probably make a video you
understand but she drags her face because
I am used to that type of
accusations to that type of insults the
controversies that have been treating me these
months have been a guy on television
the date of her work because he calls her an
abuser that they have made a
documentary about him for four months doing it
in a suit
the sky you see that it is up to I don't know
how many episodes laughing at the death
of a child with brain cancer
alberti is scamming his
followers with the rights of form
you think that
when I go to bed I am
going to remember that you have messed
with me because I did not like the house
that we made in tortilla well
no
sincerely that eye that then each one
can be as they are I understand that there are
people who are more sensitive people who
are mature people who are more
beastly and  I understand that
on the one hand Sara I know that even though she seems like a
hooligan she no longer gives the image
as well she
has a heart that I tell you in
advance if we are going to talk to her about Albertito she
has a heart that pisses you off she is a very
good person she is a very good person but she is
very sensitive she is very sensitive she is affected
by things that are affected by things that she
gives three million turns to she is affected by things that she
gives a million
turns to I said it the other
day she comes to me to euros play and tells me
that she doesn't like the little house that I made
in the micro and she spends three hours in that
house and I take the house and I put it on the
roof okay
and a half they took play you don't like my house take
another picture I put it inside the
refrigerator of your [ __ ] Minecraft house
okay and the [ __ ] cross is [ __ ] that
you made yellow also put it in your
garden and we already have a laugh but
look at she made it known what she
happened because what happened was that
all the disgusting ways plica things
that come from worshiping other youtuber
that  adora okay well now be
against sara because sara has stopped
supporting people who deserved it that it is not
worth it okay to have them close in your
environment because people who from behind
from behind until they attack attack is the
stab okay and then now for sarah
traca traca attacked for that because they
throw a lot of envy at her because she is
pretty you have a boyfriend who wants to live where she
wants she is successful you
dress up like [ __ ] she has style she has
talent she
does with her life kiss the grapefruit well of course
a guide with a whole face sweet
video envious because you can have a
whole face like a brush but be a good
person but it's not that you have the face of
a brush and it's rotten you are uglier
inside than outside okay and you have
a lot of envy made a lot of
bile well she is waiting for a girl
like this to attack her what is
going on because they have been touching her [ __ ] touching her
[ __ ] touching her [ __ ]
touching her [ __ ] attack here
I am already answering because
the other day she was very llria
fort was that you should
do something else with your
life I don't know what I don't know how much it is worth and  they've
taken the clips of her responding
to the flower was and they've been publishing it
on twitter that I saw it the other
day okay as if she was
talking arrogantly to the nobody is
united whatever her name is okay
already
today you caught me a moment ago we are
all I think that it's going to be the one that I'm
going to be like this in front of a camera
because besides
look
50 people don't realize that you are a
person who has feelings just like
everyone else now I love you a lot and is one
of the best people
if someone doesn't know who we're
talking about that are the forera and that the
fire throwing looked at the gay not having
daily looks the one without having
daily
look at the tweet okay look at the tweet
the useless maintained weak okay maintained
this is the argument they have because
because it is pending look when you you
have this point at the moment of [ __ ]
when you have this point do not tell
[ __ ] because you are bitter about
life you can't buy everything you
would like to buy you are envious of
people because there are people who are
satisfied with what they have or are
happy with what they have or  they are not rich
but they are happy they have a job
for people that I like I have
friends that I like I have something to eat
but this is such a [ __ ] envious thing it's
worth living supported and surely you
follow me like this on instagram and
and I earned what I had for seven months
surely without exaggerating or totally like that it is
look at the
gum in my car
fifteen thousand euros
that clear clear
hello hello hello being supported is worthless and on
top of that
doing it live I take you that
from the live shows will earn a lot of money
but it will be a plus an extra page to
what I earned with instagram a long
time ago
and look what this chick says okay
crying at the beginning of the stream to make people feel
sorry for it's literally at minute
52 churra is attended to it seems like minutes 52
the beginning
is respecting
respecting that each one contributes as they
can and then together with their
subscribers laugh at the
town church 2 when she tells them in their face that she
is pretty she can't be more hypocritical
the [ __ ]
then also like interspersing colors
in the dose
that's how beautiful I saw her well photo
was like this to the [ __ ] church
is very  cool done but they don't have to
do it inside also
inside they put candles sadam short to the
light the descriptions to people who already what the
[ __ ]
what the [ __ ] let's
see you have to value you have to value
things
the stick is heard it makes me very very
funny the stick is great it makes me
very funny here with the faces of all the
members you
are judas I had today I'm going to play I'm
going to burn that stick
and now
one obviously you don't know about the town a
good one
we need to do something like that also
said something bad dude
if it's recorded like that la vega well it's not
from a formatted computer my new
formatted computer is not the now three
with one also they continue making fun of
2 and they have published I don't know
because I know but I don't know if I can say them
look from the outside from the outside above all
look how it looks it
looks more beautiful
incredible cake
the church
looks much more beautiful because also
well it is translucent and the light passes through and I
think that also pastel colors
really good what I liked to
see universia here in a that
the lists on twitter of tortilla
today that they have put  the photos the face
or the one of
this is the church of the ir are
totally worth it to me the one that is going to like the one of the
town 3
the one of the town three sometimes you see at
some point that it is the one of not staying
evidently I have a weakness you
know for Paris
very much want and I had a trip
planned in
March of last year not in April on
April 6 also April 6 was and had to be
canceled for obvious reasons not
baradel otherness do not
visit in the front do not
visit the old Notre Dame
yes yes yes that would be the rose in the background it is
missing the palate also
the area is inside what I
say is that the other one that like the one of
them made it they have done it
because a bread I
insist treats me inside throws a little
on the outside I do not like in theirs it
will not have much happens everything you
want but to me sincerely
aesthetically I do not like I like the one of
I like you look at what I tell you I
like that one more
complained about the one of the 100 are if they
had done it inside also they are
not going to the one of  ghana to notice so you can
see it here the shame
but I like it is that it is a church with
a little bit go to the Vatican city
does not nest the age I do
not see the series b or pieces that I can see
when
obviously
that not
anyone worthy wind reality that is going to
win
all that is already
in the cemetery I do
not
have it
[Music]
so if you have a creativity that
like does
not even know where I live well the house
my diary but the group with it we
think well everything that we have that
I go thing that building
[Music]
but come on
maybe guys up to here the live
today I leave you I have to record a
video for the lollipop also I'm
going to ask you all please is the
apple house already seen floating around there I'm going to
ask you all or everyone here did not
add your gender I'm going to ask you
all please to
subscribe so much to javi oliveira
that we are about to arrive
twenty subscribers to reach
[Applause]
four hundred and ten thousand subscribers
to javier who said that  This channel is a
salsa TV channel that on my news channel
is a lollipop that involves reality shows
with Lorena
since I don't really care even when I
know where I'm going up, it also
tells us, but for kids, we'll see each other tomorrow,
people, a huge hug, rest well.
[Music]